# Rat Technologies E-Commerce Website and App

The E-Commerce Website and App is the place where people can go to buy prebuilt PCs, laptops or even individual parts (subject to company's stock). We want to have a central place where people can buy their PCs, laptops and even parts from a trusted source as trying to get parts is already a hassle considering that you have to go outside to Rocher to buy the parts, or wait a few weeks to get it from online services such as Amazon and Newegg without mentioning the possibility of you getting literal weights in a GPU box instead of an actual GPU.

This website includes points upon purchase of a prebuilt PC or laptop to incentivise people to get it fully built instead of buying the individual parts.

## Design Process

The Website and App as said above is a place where people buy their prebuilt PCs, laptops or individual parts without ever worrying about instances where they would get scammed as it is coming straight from the company themselves. However, if the products are just in one bundle, the user would get confused and would click away. Thus, the products are segmented into catagories for the users to easily navigate through the website depending on what they want from their prebuilt PCs or laptop. Parts are segmented into their part type from CPUs, GPUs, RAM and storage for the more technical users to easily navigate through. However, since we want the users to buy the prebuilts or laptops instead of buying the individual parts to build for themselves, we made the point system so that you earn points only if you buy a prebuilt or a laptop.

Let's say there is a buyer who just wants a whole lots of RGB for their rig, instead of going through amazon, shopee or lazada to potentially get ripped off and find out they have parts from 10 years ago, they can go to our website to buy one of our desktop prebuilts in the category "RGB Galore" and still be able to play on most of the latest games there is to offer.

High and Low Fidelity of the Mobile Layout: https://www.figma.com/design/SySO3vuN0tH1ITDBrMd9E7/Integrated-Studio-Project-I-Website%2FMobile-Layout?node-id=1-2&p=f&t=3mOQnYHdsaUojhKA-0

# Features

## Existing Features

- product slideshow: it is a slideshow of some of the products a buyer may be interested
- tabs: it is basically individual catagories for different kinds of builds
- filter: Buyers can filter the whole catalog depending on the page their in based on the filter. The filter shows all items that meets at least one of the filter options
- customization: buyers can customize their PCs or laptops if they wish to and add it to cart
- Cart: Buyers can add items to cart
- Checkout: Buyers can see the items they have in their cart and remove them. They can also see the total before GST, GST, points they will earn if they logged in, total after GST with the option to offset the total with their points
- Offset payable amount: Buyers can offset their total depending on how much points they have
- Payment: Buyers can make a payment and see that the points is credited into their account
- Accounts: Buyers can log in, log out or even create an account
- Reviews: Buyers can look at the reviews

## Features left to implement

- Adding reviews for a product
- Saving billing information

# Technologies Used

- Bootstrap for its logos and carousel

# Assistive AI

- None

# Testing

## Account Creation
1. Go to login
2. Click "No Account? Create one"
3. Put in a username and password
4. Click "Create Account"

5. Click on your username at the top right and log out (optional)

## Account Login
1. Go to login
2. Key in your previously created account credentials
3. Click "Login"

## Buying PCs/Laptop
1. Go to desktops/laptops
2. hover on an item
3. Click "Customize Now"
4. Edit the specs of the PC by clicking the spec
5. Add to Cart
6. Return
7. Repeat step 2 to 5 once
8. Go to checkout
9. Remove one item
10. Click on "Card Payment"
11. Enter your card details (optional)
12. Pay
13. Check account by clicking on your username at the top right to see the points update

## Buying Parts
1. Go to parts
2. Hover on an item
3. Click "Add to cart"
4. Do the same on another item
5. Click on your username at the top right to go to cart (Must be logged in)
6. Remove one item
7. Pay
8. Check account points. There should be none added

## Filter
1. Go to Desktops/Laptops
2. Edit the filter
3. Apply
4. Products that meets the filter conditions should appear

## Problems
- only setting the min price for the filter will show nothing at the right side.

# Credits

## Content
- The parts were from memory 
- The desktops and laptops are made up. Any products that appear outside of this website is mere coincidence

## Media
- Parts images were taken from TECHYARD by AFTERSHOCK PC: (https://thetechyard.com/)
- Desktop and Laptop images were generated by ChatGPT

## Icons
- all icons were taken from bootstrap
    - Star icon: https://icons.getbootstrap.com/icons/star/
    - Filled Star icon: https://icons.getbootstrap.com/icons/star-fill/

## Animations
- Loading Animation: https://lottiefiles.com/free-animation/loading-w3hbUYJRY9
- Check Animation: https://lottiefiles.com/free-animation/checkmark-3yTUIXzeNb

## Acknowledgements 
- Inspired from AFTERSHOCK PC

## Roles
- Front End Developer: John
- API Developer: Lucas

- Github link: https://johntan12345.github.io/RatTechnologiesWebsite/